---
Type: Meeting
Subtype: 
Job: IMG
Project: IMG
Location: 
Host: 
Scheduled: 
Attendees: 
External-Groups: 

Start-Time: 12:45
End-Time: 12:45

tags: 

Created_Date: 2023-05-16
Created_Date_Time: 2023-05-16 11:53
Last_Modified: 2023-05-16 11:53
Template_Version: 1.0

---
### Attendees 
--- 



### Agenda
--- 
- Her Daily Routine
- Her Weekly Routine
- Any other routines that help her stay organized
- Is there a day that Salesforce should be updated?
- Noticed she emails in the thread, is that to keep it all contained?

- Where can I improve?


### Notes
---
- Day
	- She's blocking off more time for working.
	- Block off work & email time.
- Weekly 
	- She's team manager now. She's come from management and she learned pardot. 
	- Alex is brand new
	- Maggie, new katie, they realized not part time, katie (24) was toxic "I love katie, but she brought a lot off negativity to the team"
	- Sarah is working on processes, one more week.
- She wants me to grow and get better. 

5 years, top 40 

Raul/Ralph & Gil
	Gill - salesperson
	Raul/Ralph - investment accounting. 

COO - her five year plan

Email Thread 
	- keeping things in line, keep her head on straight. lazy 0 i like. 

Stephanie/Sarah - Same salesforce/pardot 

"survive the day" the mountains where live - greenville south carolina 

She didn't think that mallory wanted to manage people. 

Non-Profit catty as shit. 

25 projects is what you're suposed to be sitting at. 
3 salesforce full time
just her on pardot side

"Where do I need to improve"
- Reply quicker

Gill is handing out projects? 

She's managing people who has marketing cloud experience. 
- 2 people, may have them do an internal training. Basic level. 

Switching up the Pardot meeting has been run 
- What's something helpful that you learned last week?
- We need to have more cross department communication. 

1-2 my way - Survey's in Pardot - 




### Next Steps
---
- Sent test email to her. 
- Force tab preferences. 
- Survey's 
	- He's assigning tasks to her in asana. 

### tags
---
