---
Type: Meeting
Subtype: Checkin
Job: IMG
Project: New York State Solar
Location: 
Host: Me
Scheduled: 
Attendees: 
External-Groups: 

Start-Time: 
End-Time: 

tags: 

Created_Date: 2023-05-09
Created_Date_Time: 2023-05-09 09:24
Last_Modified: 2023-05-09 09:24
Template_Version: 1.0

---
### Prep
---
_Email:_
Hello Rebecca!  
Glad to hear you'll be working with us.
Our Salesforce build is a bit unorthodox, but we're lucky to have both Daniel, our CTO, and Bianca, our Salesforce guru, to navigate around it's quirks. I am the VP of Marketing here at NY State Solar, and the _plan is to use Pardot to rank, score, and drip market to leads._
The implementation was going smoothly - we were able to get a full sandbox built out so we can test and troubleshoot without impacting our live environment, and linked some of our more complex online lead collection forms to Salesforce, but hit a snag on the domain side.
Leadership is currently in ongoing litigation over domain usage and ownership, so any backend movement in regards to domains and DNS settings, SPF update, TXT records, and CNAME is a challenge.  
We had reached out to GoDaddy with the requested changes required for Pardot, and will follow-up once again.
I would be happy to set up a call sometime next week so we can chat further - Thanks!
RJM


### Attendees 
--- 
Richard Murdocco (Point of Contact? )
Bianca Penaloza (Salesforce Guru) Product Owner
Daniel Murray (CTO) Late (Had art that was done by a cartoonist spray painter in miami.) Business Owner For Salesforce.com
They also have an Architech available. 

### Agenda
--- 



### Notes
---
Code Red Implementation. A lot of best practices, a lot of automations. lots. 

They were engaged at a time to be rescued. A lot of work has been done so it is functional and insane. Booby trap field. Help new vendors coming in know what they are touching. Multiple Dev Environments. No one is changing anything in Production. 

"Where's the Pardot Sandbox"

Richard went back and fixed that. 

Asked Mallory to work in Staging Sandbox. Then moving to prodction. 

Last Call, pretty close to done. Translating the business 

"I want to send an email to all of my active home owners" Opportunities in this stage, with contact roles set to this role. 

DNS - no headway made. His boss has been overseas the last two weeks. When he's state side again in a day or so. He's going to circle back around and see about this. Drag on Reed or Godaddy (bianca asked) and he's not sure. Execs aren't pounding them for deadlines. 

They are currently Mid Sprint in a Large Development. 

If there's a path 


"Automation MApping" - Bianca said 
Bianca is very approachable. 

### Next Steps
---
NYSS
- Check out what Mallory has done. 
- Richard 

### tags
---
