---
Type: Meeting
Subtype: Kickoff
Job: IMG
Project: Maclowe Properties - One Wall Street
Location: 
Host: 
Scheduled: 
Attendees: 
External-Groups: KB

Start-Time: 
End-Time: 

tags: 

Created_Date: 2023-04-26
Created_Date_Time: 2023-04-26 19:59
Last_Modified: 2023-04-26 19:59
Template_Version: 1.0

---
### Prep
---
Copied and pasted this into here, because my other one didn't have front matter


### Attendees 
--- 



### Agenda
--- 



### Notes
---
Jordan - strategy 
Will - strategy
John - Campaigns

They will have access but have not yet. 
Collen & John will have access to back end platform. 

Email Builder - 

Iframe for pardot forms
They aren't sure on the website builder, they are going to redo it. they are assuming it will continue to be a wordpress. 

Pardot doesn't effect google analytics 4, older analytics need 

Forms living on website will be moved over. 
2 existing email templates will be moved over in miama. (maria and michelle)
- Eblast email
- new customer/prospect email

Mapped Fields
- Glid and UTM Parameters (Hidden fields)
- Gclid 
- Bedroom type
- Are you an agent
- Any fields on the form, mapped

[https://onewallstreet.com/contact-us/](https://onewallstreet.com/contact-us/)


Engagement Program 
	They aren't sure sure yet. 

DNS
- Timeline for website being done, 4-5 more weeks. 
- Tracking on old and new site
- Colleen - she thinks they are hosted on godaddy. 

High level desires
More accurate attribution and tracking
Which campaigns are leading towards prospects coming in
What leads for the close
Cost associated with it. 
(john likes the sales cloud, the basics, doesn't need the marketing cloud)



Lists - Segmenting
- They will talk about it outside of the call - colleens side (compass team)

Lists
Email Templates
Automations

Their team doesn't need access to ASANA 
Jordan wants to want a part of training, john to 
Wants to be on a test email list. 


From a paid perspective they are using instagram and facebook. 
Organic - 

Email the information for tracking on website and DNS. 


John is the technical person
Colleen is leading the charge


##### Lead Attribution and Lead source < Wants based on Parameters, not the self reporting on the form. 

timeline question. couple of weeks is what i told her. 


### Next Steps
---


### tags
---
