---
Type: Meeting
Subtype: Kickoff
Job: IMG
Project: Maclowe Properties - One Wall Street
Location: 
Host: 
Scheduled: 
Attendees: 
External-Groups: 

Start-Time: 
End-Time: 

tags: 

Created_Date: 2023-04-26
Created_Date_Time: 2023-04-26 20:02
Last_Modified: 2023-04-26 20:02
Template_Version: 1.0

---
### Prep
---
copied and pasted this from original since it didn't have front matter


### Attendees 
--- 



### Agenda
--- 



### Notes
---
We are referring to it as One Wallstreat

Michele Ho (with someone on camera
Colleen Byrne (showed up off camera)
Thomas Attwood (had someone else on camera)

Colleeen Byrne - spearheaded the transition, but is on maternity leave. Implementation will likely be completed before she get's back. 

Marie, Ally (also on the call)

Tommy & Ally are day to day with the CRM. Who we need to faciliate. Marie and Michelle are more marketing. Releastically we should all be involved in everything. 

My theragun is in the back of the video. 

Colleen was never provided access to the Salesforce Side. Waiting on Salesforce to provide access. 

Notes from Salesforce
They are currently tracking things in Spreadsheets - Also use Spark. The stacking plan??

Leads come in from different sources. 


Catherine didn't record....

They are selling to individuals, not to company. They are going to be doing the Person Account.
Opportunities is being renamed to Sales.

They use outlook for their email. She suggested the plugin for outlook. 


Who is in Charge

Marie & Michelle  
Things will be coming from Sales

Everyone should have the same access. 

https://onewallstreet.com/
https://streeteasy.com/ < maybe not 

Sending mi-amo. 13k reciept 2,3, up to 4 email blasts a week. 
They track open rate, open rate, how long they spend on it. 

Website - https://onewallstreet.com/contact-us/
Kailie Park (KB Park?) < currently do this end of stuff. They track all leads and optimization. They advocated for them to make this transition a few months ago. 

Everyone wants to be included in the meeetings. Catherine doesn't want to be involved on it. 

Catherine - spreadsheet needs back
Them - access to org
Me - send over calendar link
Them - they will be getting KB involved. 


Weekly, Monthly & Daily Reports


Based on conversations with andrew - andrew is important. 


### Next Steps
---


### tags
---
