---
Type: Meeting
Subtype: Kickoff
Job: IMG
Project: Presidio Group LLC
Location: Google Meet
Host: Me
Scheduled: 
Attendees: Brittany jadin, Lauren Pfohl
External-Groups: 

Start-Time: 
End-Time: 

tags: 

Created_Date: 2023-05-02
Created_Date_Time: 2023-05-02 07:58
Last_Modified: 2023-05-02 07:58
Template_Version: 1.0

---
### Prep
---



### Attendees 
--- 
Brittany Jadin (in southern denver)
Lauren Pfohl (Sales)

Cloud on Tap, they have some existing stuff with them. 

### Agenda
--- 



### Notes
---
They are duplicating efforts on the SF side between Box.com and Salesforce. So there's compliance concerns. 

Account, Contact - standard names and don't use leads. 
Not a quick close product, like a ten year cycle 
Page Layouts 
	- Contact: Contact Layout
	- 3 different account types
		- Professional Services
		- Tech
		- Dealership
		- Don't use "Dealership" Use "dealer Layout" and other two. 
- Just one lightning app. 
- User
	- Sales
		- Everyone to have SF Pardot Access
	- Marketing
		- Not all currently set up in sf
		- Lauren (Presidio Group Management)
		- Dian durban (set up - admin)
		- Jason Stine (new, getting setup)
		- Amy Wilson (new, getting setup)
		- Set up Predidio Group Management for Pardot. 
- 10 fields, send her forms to get this list. 
- They don't currently use any forms to get data. They will start to use it going forward. 


Mail Chip is historical Data, but they are already in the system. 

Godaddy is the Domain
Site Ground & Divy is website
-Provide code to them for webite, and the person who maintains it will put it in. 

1 email domain. 
CMS domain, sub domain. = Susan is best for domain 
Sold 60 billion to diedamen, and kept a small niche. 

lightning email builder - > 

She's giving me mailchimp access and mapping it out for me. 

Automations
- group account types (auto retail: dealer, pro services, )

She will use Mailchimp terms. 
A list
Events list
A huge list that the annual market profile go to that's couple 

Test EmailList
- 4 that she mentioned being set up on Pardot
- George Corolius (her boss - one of the partners)
- Brody Cobb 

### Next Steps
---
- Send her the 10 custom field page
- Send her email about Sub Domain (susan)
- She's sending me mail chip access. 
- She's sending me an email contact about the website tracking link
- Consider Forms (using Ticket Tailor before)
- Strategy  Session - does she has? 

Brittany -
- asking about circle back about docisign
- Custom objects
	- cust wants brittany to send her a form. 
	- Cust is going to want to talk things over with her side. 


### tags
---
