---
Type: Meeting
Subtype: 121
Job: IMG
Project: IMG
Location: 
Host: 
Scheduled: 
Attendees: Sarah Sweeney
External-Groups: 

Start-Time: 
End-Time: 

tags: 

Created_Date: 2023-04-28
Created_Date_Time: 2023-04-28 11:07
Last_Modified: 2023-04-28 11:07
Template_Version: 1.0

---
### Prep
---
##### Source Code Pardot Lightning Builder
Sarah Sweeney  [7:38 AM](https://growwithimg.slack.com/archives/C01L1ADS3HT/p1681997931297349)  
No way to do that, but a workaround is having two tabs open and copy and pasting the source code from the lightning builder into a new template

##### BDA
Found two Asana Projects, neither are filled out.
Do I need a PW if I am just doing training with them?

##### New York 
Found zero Asana Projects
Password: She is still locked out of New York. 
Need it if I am going to be pushing them from Sandbox to Production

##### Galaxy America
Found Zero Asana Projects
Password: Keeper Shared

##### New Contractor Agreement? 
- ask for this. 

##### More Hours?


##### Expectations


##### Can I Join any of the meetings?
- I can join the internal meetings. Optional though, if I can't make it (Pardot)
- Salesforce Office Hours (Optional)




### Attendees 
--- 
[[Sarah Sweeney]]


### Agenda
--- 
What she brought up tools

Whoever takes over for Katie will log things in Salesforce. 
This meeting "Internal Work Project" Clockify 

She owes me Training & Kick Off Calls

We don't use Quip anymore, use Asana. 



- She's only been at IMG for 6 months. 
- Training Calls
	- 1st hour Prospects, What that means, email sending, email content, touch on engagement studio for last 15 min
	- 2nd hour, admin side, settings, imports, forms, email signatures, automations. 
- Kickoff Calls
	- Go line by line with them
	- "talk to me about your marketing, give me a run down of your business"
	- What are you doing as far as marketing goes, and what are your pain points (10-15 of the call)
	- Next bit is when you go line by line of SOW
- She can invite me to her next kickoff call, or I can invite her to one. 
- She will usually go over hours in the support period. It's a judgement call on my end. 

There's a lot of hubspot migrations. 
Lean on them for support. 

She added me to Salesforce-Implementation 
and another one?

She contacts Salesforce Support tickets on behalf of her clients quite often. 

If a client wants to go from Leads to Contacts. 

DNS Records - she will do it for them. 

Pardot Changed, once DNS is verified THEN you get your website code. 

Maggie is the new Katie, starting Monday. 

Full time 

She's making $72/year. Rep for not paying their full timers as well as as other
Benefits - 401k, health, PTO work for 90 days for PTO. 
Insurance is Day 1 or 30 
You get commission. 

Average 25-30 clients. 

Quickstart 4-6 week.

Support that Gil gives. Makes sure client isn't being mean. Has your back, wont throw you under the bus.

### Notes
---



### Next Steps
---
- She's getting me SFDC Email sfdc@growwithimg.com
- New York Solar - PW Reset
- Contract agreement - she's looking for 
- She's going to feel out gil on full time. Told trish that full time was there. 


### tags
---
