
I will set up Patrick, Sarah, and Gina as Admin Users. 

Here is a link that goes over Pardot Default User Roles, and I have attached a PDF that has a diagram as well.

https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.pardot_default_user_roles.htm&type=5

Once the Pardot Package is Installed and implemented, I can start setting up the rest. I would love your Brand Guidelines as well for when I start setting up the email templates. 


Good Morning Patrick, 

  

I unfortunately left this email in my drafts when it should have been sent out. I apologize for that.

  

I need Shereens & Gina's Emails. I don't see them on the calendar invites, and I don't see any record of them anywhere else. I know they wanted to be cc'd on things though. So if you could pass this first bit along and get me their emails that would be lovely. 

  

I know your Salesforce Admin wanted to implement things in the sandbox first and needed information to do so. I attached a PDF on installing the Pardot Packages. As well as photos of what you would typically see on the Salesforce Side. Pardot wont completely function in a sandbox environment though, just as a fair warning. She will be able to see what it will do to the Salesforce side of things though. Also, the fields are automatically added to Salesforce when the Package is installed. They do need to be put on the page layouts though. 

  

Once that's been set up I will set up Sarah, Gina, and yourself as Admin Pardot Users.

  
Here is a link that goes over [Pardot Default User Roles](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.pardot_default_user_roles.htm&type=5), and I have attached a PDF that has a diagram as well.  
  
Once the Pardot Package is Installed and implemented, I can start setting up the rest. I would love your Brand Guidelines as well for when I start setting up the email templates. 

  

Warmest Regards,  
Rebecca Scott